[Music]
[Applause]
hi Rosie friends its Julie and today I
thought that I would talk about
something that I'm actually going
through right now so that it's
SuperDuper relevant by the way I am
sorry for disappearing for a few weeks I
went on a little bit of a vacation for a
few days to just sort of reset a little
bit and I was testing a product there
for a while that I had an allergic
reaction to it didn't have anything to
do with rosacea it actually generated
like it was an ingredient somewhere in
it I haven't even identified which one
but I was allergic to it and it did not
patch test the product before using it
which I feel really embarrassed
admitting but I feel that I have to
admit it because it was super hit if a
critical of me it's one of the things
that I always tell people especially
when you have sensitive skin always
patch test a product first try it out
and a little inconspicuous kind of area
if it's for your face like right in
front of your ear or you know if it's
for your body just somewhere where you
can just test it out wait 24 hours and
see whether or not you're gonna react to
it end up end up with whatever and I've
just I've been having a lot of luck
trying products lately and I haven't had
an allergic reaction to anything in a
long time I thought I'd pretty much
identified entity two and lo and behold
I had this massive reaction my face did
flare up but I also ended up with these
big patches here and here at the corners
of my eyes that got really inflamed and
bumpy and really super dry to the point
they were getting scaly it was a
disaster so I went all stop on the
products and I will that will be in a
later video I will talk about that
company which was fantastic and there's
a really like there's a story to go with
this but yeah so I thought since I'm
kind of recovering my skin right now it
might be a good time to tell you what I
do when I try something out and
everything goes wrong
that could mean trying something new and
everything goes wrong or more often than
not I'm using something that I've been
using successfully for a while and my
face just suddenly changes its mind and
goes no
now I'm going to react to that now we're
sensitive I don't know if that happens
because of the change of season so
suddenly it gets humid or it gets hot or
it gets cold or whatever it is or if my
skin just is as moody as I am but
whatever it is I'm not a big fan of it
but it does happen on occasion not as
often anymore as it used to light
therapy seems to have kind of kept that
under control a lot but this allergy did
make things really special for me and
not in a good way
but yep so what I do is the exact same
thing that I do in between product tests
is I basically try to reset my skin I
don't know if that's a real word or a
real term or what but I basically just
try to bring my face back to where it is
naturally when it's at its comest and
I'm doing the simplest thing with it and
that is I wash my face twice a day and I
use this is just a sample of the product
because this is the SPT berry bar I have
the big version of this in my bathroom
but I just didn't want to bring a wet
bar of soap to show on camera because so
yeah this is the this is a little sample
of it it shows you kind of what it is
it's well there's wax paper but it's a
kind of yellowy color and it's
SuperDuper gentle it's completely unfair
Graham's done scented very very basic
ingredients it's a vegan product and I
find when I'm just going right back to
the basics before I'm gonna try another
product and when I've previously tried
one because you know how many products I
try I really do need to kind of reset in
between which is why it takes me so long
between reviews but yeah that's what I
cleanse my face with I do it twice a day
and I do it with just warm water so it's
just enough warm that you would call it
warm but not actually getting into
something you'd want to bathe in or
something that's hot or anything so I
don't I want to take the chill off so
I'm not shocking my face but I'm not
actually gonna use enough warm on my
face to actually like cause it to flare
back up again because even a little bit
of warmth and water makes my face turn a
little bit tomatoey so yep I wash my
face with this then because I was really
going to complete extreme basics and
taking care of my skin which was ultra
reactive super itchy really really
uncomfortable
I just went straight to SBT seabuckthorn
soothing self and if they're from the
same brand but that's what I have luck
with and that's what it looks like on
the inside clearly it's been used but it
lasts forever like this is this is quite
a bit of use um I just use a little
teensy bit of it I was really loading it
on to UM the corners of my eyes which
were so they were drying up so quickly
and it was getting painful to blink it
was it was quite the adventure over the
last little while I didn't wear any
makeup the entire time I was on vacation
which was definitely a first for me so I
put that a really thin layer of it on my
entire face it does absorb in it feels
very it feels oily it's a cell that's
the the I don't even know if I said the
name so it's the SPT sea buckthorn
soothing self or rosacea and it's it
feels a little bit pasty a little bit
oilier than maybe like Vaseline
petroleum jelly like that it's a little
oilier than that less kind of goopy but
when you actually apply it to your face
it feels kind of like an actual face oil
so it's quite smooth it doesn't feel
like you're buttering your face and then
I spread it around and gently kind of
massaged it in with my fingertips it's
very very gently and then just wait and
it does actually absorb in so it doesn't
feel like there's a slime layer on my
skin I did actually over apply very
deliberately on the corners of my eyes
where I was having the reaction because
it just felt so much better to have that
on there and I would apply it several
times a day in fact if I got up during
the night I would reapply it then to
just because it made me feel so much
better so this stuff it is soothing it
helps to just get the skin back to where
it should be I wouldn't say that it
cures anything I wouldn't say that it
actually gets rid of problems that are
that are actually happening I feel like
it just gives my skin what it needs to
correct its own problems if that makes
sense I don't know I just feel yeah I do
really feel like I'm getting my skin
back to the basics so that I can just
take care of itself and reset to where I
should be um I still have a little bit
of right here I have a little bit this
is the worst one this one's pretty much
gone but yep so this is almost clearing
up and then I can get back to testing
out products again
but I really don't want to be trying to
unfairly test products on skin that's
have recovering from allergic reaction
and that was a bad one I don't know that
I've ever had such a lasting reaction
allergic reaction to a product before
but I'm so glad that I actually already
had this and that I was used you know
that I continually use this soap and
just that I can't get it back to normal
again
I've got so many different products that
I'll be trying out if you follow me on
Instagram you've seen that there have
been a few companies that have sent me
some really great stuff and I only had
just started tampering with those a
little bit before all heck broke loose
and everything went awry but I'm gonna
be getting right back into that I've got
a lot of interesting things to say about
those because I already sort of had a
first impression so now I want to get
back into them and see how it works over
the long over a longer term but yeah so
I just thought I would share that there
I hope it was interesting in some way I
know that it wasn't that super crazy
exciting and things but I hope that it
was useful to you I do have some
announcements and some giveaways and a
lot of product tests and some even some
makeup to try and I even got a new green
and yellow concealer that I want to test
out remember I did if you've seen the
previous video that I did where I tried
to do a yellow concealer on one side and
a green on the other side and it didn't
work at all because of the products just
sort of melted into my skin well I have
a new one so we're gonna give that a go
as well so there are some things coming
up I do have some great videos on the
way thank you for being so patient with
me while I was away and healing and
emotionally and basically apparently and
yeah so I hope you liked this video if
you did please give it a thumbs up that
way I know this is the kind of video
that you want to see from me and if you
want to see more videos like this and
you haven't already subscribed to my
channel please do so and other than that
I will see you next time
[Music]
you